README.md, before:

# Portfolio
In this project, we We updated the protofolio project to implement the use of media queries for screen based css changes and to achieve Responsive Web Design. Making further use of Grid and Flexbox for layouts

Built With

    .HTML
    .CSS
    .HTML & CSS Linters

Getting Started

Please get your browser update. To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

Run the command below from the Terminal:

navigate to your projects folder

run git clone (https://github.com/VSeray/Portfolio) in your terminals

run cd microverse_portfolio

start index.html

Authors

👤 Author

. GitHub: [github](https://github.com/VSeray)

. Twitter: [twitter](https://twitter.com/home)

. LinkedIn: [Linkdin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vana-seraydarian-936687191/?lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_feed%3BNyso4dw6Tz6UBL%2Fqkjvtvw%3D%3D)

🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template/issues). 

Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project! Acknowledgments

Entire Microverse team
My learning and coding partners

📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template/blob/master/MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add Live Demo
Added github page on README file

README.md, after:

# Portfolio
In this project, we We updated the protofolio project to implement the use of media queries for screen based css changes and to achieve Responsive Web Design. Making further use of Grid and Flexbox for layouts

#Live Demo
[Click here](https://vseray.github.io/Portfolio/)

Additional description about the project and its features.

#Built With

    .HTML
    .CSS
    .HTML & CSS Linters

#Getting Started

Please get your browser update. To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

Run the command below from the Terminal:

navigate to your projects folder

run git clone (https://github.com/VSeray/Portfolio) in your terminals

run cd microverse_portfolio

start index.html

#Authors

👤 Author

. GitHub: [github](https://github.com/VSeray)

. Twitter: [twitter](https://twitter.com/home)

. LinkedIn: [Linkdin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vana-seraydarian-936687191/?lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_feed%3BNyso4dw6Tz6UBL%2Fqkjvtvw%3D%3D)

🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template/issues). 

#Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project! Acknowledgments

Entire Microverse team
My learning and coding partners

📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template/blob/master/MIT.md) licensed.
